Running a couple of years
Expose students to what to expect in the Navy
Research project
Cognitive assistant to help an engineer in Navy
Basically a computerized "expert" (Clippy?)
Not syntax but content
  - ie character is said, but not introduced (in a novel)
  - "is the model good?"

Requirements model:
  Start with a description / objectives
  Dynamically engages with the engineer 
  (Checklist style??)
  Have you thought of this scenario? ("lose power on grid")
  Safety critical things: Say, need two different commands to confirm an action (safety and trigger)
    Have you considered a case where firing happens before safety?

Have a basic proof of concept

My work
  1) Take the tool and personalize it
    At a click of a button, all scenarios are laid out
    (Need to converge)
    a) How to prioritize
    b) How to capture instances where the user doesn't care about some scenarios
  2) Moving from structural aspects towards semantics

How work is done
  Microsoft teams
  Meet once a week (teams standup)
  Help out and collaborate 
  Basic sprints
  Not super formal
  Hybrid development and research project
  Individual work is decoupled, but still working together

Next steps:
  read some papers

Prototype:
  Developed by an all-star student
  Document and video demonstration and repo

Open to any avenues for progress

Goal for the summer:
  functionally complete-ish

Student findings:
  some aspects in the model that the program couldn't find, but she could

Tool names: Cameo systems modeling and MagicDraw (?)
  Houston

Why not checklist?
  Would work for only a limited
  Needs to be demonstratable!! Needs to be proven
  Kind of like an autograder (?)
  Need to think more inherited rules
  Only made for what's expected, not for the unexpected
  How to plan for the unexpected? (what even is "unexpected"??)

Traffic analogy:
  Real edge case that an expert would know but a newbie wouldn't
  (Raccoon case lol)

Infinite list of "what ifs". Need a semantic system. Could ideally learn from every preexisting projects

Objective: Augment the engineer's knowledge base

Not much in the way of data. Just making an example system. Need to show the way!
  - NEEDS TO BE VERIFIABLE AND TRANSPARENT
  
Maybe think of a search engine kind of model with refiniements 

